Update Discord JS w/ Slash Commands (#218)
railwayapp/starters: examples/discordjs/README.md

## 📝 Notes

> - Slash commands might take up to 1 hour to be registered.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Upon the first run of the starter, it can take up to an hour for your slash commands to be visible in the Discord Client.
```

> - To make a new command just add a file to the `Commands` folder, you can use the `Template.js` file for a template, or look at the [discord.js guide](https://discordjs.guide/)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- To create a new command, just create a file in the `Commands` directory. You can take a look at the `Template.js` file for an example of what commands should look like. For any additional help see the [discord.js guide](https://discordjs.guide).
```

## 📝 Notes

- Upon the first run of the starter, it can take up to an hour for your slash commands to be visible in the Discord Client.
- To create a new command, just create a file in the `Commands` directory. You can take a look at the `Template.js` file for an example of what commands should look like. For any additional help see the [discord.js guide](https://discordjs.guide).

> - If you need any help with this, join our [discord server](https://discord.gg/railway).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- If you need any additional help with this, join our [Discord server](https://discord.gg/railway) and create a thread in the project help channel.
```
